Rewrite the non-Azure messaging integration articles (#1759)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/messaging/kafka-integration.md

### Hosting integration health checks

The Kafka hosting integration automatically adds a health check for the Kafka server resource. The health check verifies that a Kafka producer with the specified connection name is able to connect and persist a topic to the Kafka server.

The hosting integration relies on the [📦 AspNetCore.HealthChecks.Kafka](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AspNetCore.HealthChecks.Kafka) NuGet package.

## Client integration

To get started with the .NET Aspire Apache Kafka integration, install the [📦 Aspire.Confluent.Kafka](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Aspire.Confluent.Kafka) NuGet package in the client-consuming project, that is, the project for the application that uses the Apache Kafka client.

### [.NET CLI](#tab/dotnet-cli)

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Aspire.Confluent.Kafka
```

### [PackageReference](#tab/package-reference)

```xml
<PackageReference Include="Aspire.Confluent.Kafka"
                  Version="[SelectVersion]" />
```

---

### Add Kafka producer

> In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your client-consuming project, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireKafkaProducerExtensions.AddKafkaProducer%2A> extension method to register an `IProducer<TKey, TValue>` for use via the dependency injection container. The method takes two generic parameters corresponding to the type of the key and the type of the message to send to the broker. These generic parameters are used to new an instance of `ProducerBuilder<TKey, TValue>`. This method also takes connection name parameter.

Reviewer: I found this a little confusing. Does this make it clearer?

```suggestion
In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your client-consuming project, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireKafkaProducerExtensions.AddKafkaProducer%2A> extension method to register an `IProducer<TKey, TValue>` for use via the dependency injection container. The method takes two generic parameters corresponding to the type of the key and the type of the message to send to the broker. These generic parameters are used by `AddKafkaProducer` to create an instance of `ProducerBuilder<TKey, TValue>`. This method also takes connection name parameter.
```

```csharp
builder.AddKafkaProducer<string, string>("messaging");
```

You can then retrieve the `IProducer<TKey, TValue>` instance using dependency injection. For example, to retrieve the producer from an `IHostedService`:

```csharp
internal sealed class Worker(IProducer<string, string> producer) : BackgroundService
{
    // Use producer...
}
```

For more information on workers, see [Worker services in .NET](/dotnet/core/extensions/workers).

### Add Kafka consumer

> To register an `IConsumer<TKey, TValue>` for use via the dependency injection container, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireKafkaConsumerExtensions.AddKafkaConsumer%2A> extension method in the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your client-consuming project. The method takes two generic parameters corresponding to the type of the key and the type of the message to receive from the broker. These generic parameters are used to new an instance of `ConsumerBuilder<TKey, TValue>`. This method also takes connection name parameter.

Reviewer: Same thing as I mentioned in AddKafkaProducer about the clause "to new an instance"

> To register an `IConsumer<TKey, TValue>` for use via the dependency injection container, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireKafkaConsumerExtensions.AddKafkaConsumer%2A> extension method in the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your client-consuming project. The method takes two generic parameters corresponding to the type of the key and the type of the message to receive from the broker. These generic parameters are used to new an instance of `ConsumerBuilder<TKey, TValue>`. This method also takes connection name parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
To register an `IConsumer<TKey, TValue>` for use via the dependency injection container, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireKafkaConsumerExtensions.AddKafkaConsumer%2A> extension method in the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your client-consuming project. The method takes two generic parameters corresponding to the type of the key and the type of the message to receive from the broker. These generic parameters are used by `AddKafkaConsumer` to create an instance of `ConsumerBuilder<TKey, TValue>`. This method also takes connection name parameter.
```

When using a connection string from the `ConnectionStrings` configuration section, you can provide the name of the connection string when calling `builder.AddKafkaProducer()` or `builder.AddKafkaProducer()`:

```csharp
builder.AddKafkaProducer<string, string>("kafka-producer");
```

Then the connection string is retrieved from the `ConnectionStrings` configuration section:

```json
{
  "ConnectionStrings": {
    "kafka-producer": "broker:9092"
  }
}
```

> The value provided as connection string is set to the `BootstrapServers`  property of the produced `IProducer<TKey, TValue>` or `IConsumer<TKey, TValue>` instance. For more information, see [BootstrapServers](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/clients/confluent-kafka-dotnet/_site/api/Confluent.Kafka.ClientConfig.html#Confluent_Kafka_ClientConfig_BootstrapServers).

Reviewer: This doesn't seem right. What about
```suggestion
The connection string value is set to the `BootstrapServers`  property of the produced `IProducer<TKey, TValue>` or `IConsumer<TKey, TValue>` instance. For more information, see [BootstrapServers](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/clients/confluent-kafka-dotnet/_site/api/Confluent.Kafka.ClientConfig.html#Confluent_Kafka_ClientConfig_BootstrapServers).
```
